TODO:

!!!! Menus and stuff
	!!!! Grey out and don't let users select resolution options in full screen
	!!!! Huge resolutions break main and options menu, need responsive layouts
	DONE Play to certain time or certain score
	DONE Character+Controller Select
		DONE Some kind of bug is there in character select, if someone backs out something something they can't sign back in
		DONE Graphics
		!!!! Should have a one more "press any key to advance" after all players ready up. Automatically going to next menu is jarring
		!!!! The menu will not go back when B is pressed if any player is signed in? Also keyboards can't back out of char select?
		!!!! Bug: sometimes you sign in as the wrong anchor. I'll press A on a controller with no one signed in and it'll put me P4. Something not getting reset?
	!!!! intro screen
	DONE help/controls screen (Part of char select)
	!!!! game over screen – winners, score, time etc, menu options
		DONE GameOver fade to black
		!!!! Final whistle for the transition
		!!!! GameOver colours/graphics
		!!!! GameOver functionalities
		!!!! Confetti
		!!!! Going back to main menu after a game over starts with cursor on EXIT sometimes?
	!!!! In-game pause menu
	DONE Draw -1 as "Unlimited" in game mode select
	DONE Mode Select graphics
	!!!! Reminder: Mode Select team colors should be consistent with gameplaystate
	DONE Should not be able to select both unlimited score and time limits
	DONE Team select graphics 
		???? Only go to team select if 3+ players (not 4square)
		???? Maybe we should let players select their square in foursquare
	!!!! Prevent crashes when changing the resolution in fullscreen (Maybe if they're fullscreeng, force native res?)
	DONE Going to main menu should reset all menu options (no more skipping the char select)
	DONE DPad in menus
	DONE Effects sounds: Go, Back, move, change, nope
	!!!! Main menu options is "push a to change the thing" but the mode select menu is just "hover and move left/right" Seems inconsistent
DONE GameStart transition
!!!! Something in case they delete the configs?
DONE Make font_large for GAME OVER and the like
DONE Revamp gameplaystate ui
DONE Change Twins keyboard controls to switching nukes and double move default
!!!! Implement game modes with menus
	DONE TENNIS (Spawn locations)
	DONE SQUASH (Spawn locations) DONE BUT SQUASH IS TERRIBLE
	!!!! FOURSQUARE
!!!! Ball Possession/Goal color switching doesn't work for some powers in Squash
DONE Ball Possession wrong when Dash dashes a Back holding the ball
DONE Ball possession wrong on back and neutron grab
!!!! Bugs when neutron grabs a twotouch holding the ball
!!!! Current keyboard setup still has ghosting? Alt. Key layouts?
!!!! Balance:
	!!!! TwoTouch underpowered. Take out speed debuff on holding button? Harder Kicks?
	DONE Neutron push needs faster
	!!!! Balance Dash: Length of trail "catch"
	!!!! Balance Enforcer (more control) Less wall penalty?
!!!! Soundtrack
!!!! Somethings forgetting? Add as needed
DONE PlayerNeutron pulling the ball out of Back's lock will teleport back to Back when he releases grav pull
	DONE SOLUTION: The "too far then unlock" statement was after the "set ball to this position" statement in Back, so it would never leave lock
DONE PlayerNeutron can grav pull throw the ball+circle of twotouch after the gameover DONE The predictor and circle are drawn to the ball's position, and the ball keeps updating after gameover.
	!!!! The ball predictor follows the ball though
DONE PlayerBack trying to grab the ball from Neutron during the pull-orbit is futile
	DONE SOLUTION: PlayerBack has a clearLocked() when he grabs the ball
DONE PlayerNeutron circle glow only when orbit entered

DONE Players with black cores like Twin are drawing the black cores over the power kick flash FIXED
DONE PlayerNeo should not make slow powerkick sound when kicking out of slowmo FIXED (HACKY)
DONE Activating Neutron Pull on the motionless ball at the start of a round sends it flying FIXED
DONE Tricky's fakeplayer's kicking circle is the wrong line width FIXED
DONE Enforcer nubs are green for some reasons OPTICAL ILLUSION but I made it darker so FIXED
DONE Make Dash shortdash able to change direction DONE Well really he actually has a cooldown on repeated shortdashes now. Otherwise felt too much like Enforcer
DONE Experiment with non fixed delta (This might be the thing I forgot?)
	DONE Turn off vsync. DONE
	DONE Things that are too slow
		DONE Goal Scroll I WAS MISTAKEN
	DONE Things that are too fast
		DONE Menu scrolling DONE
	DONE Things that don't work
		DONE Back and slowing down DONE
		DONE Enforcer and turn reduction DONE
		!!!! Neutron grabs too fast
		DONE Twins nuke switching animation too fast DONE
		DONE Back and TwoTouch rotation DONE
DONE Soccer needs to be slower paced, right now kicks are really powerful
DONE Sound/Visual Effect for when Twins enters max sync MEH
	DONE Tried it, doesn't really work. Audio at least. Too intrusive, as the player goes in and out of sync a lot.
DONE Balance Back (more juking) Idea: Slow when turn, turn extra DONE
	DONE The PI to -PI transition area results in bugs, distance weirdness.
		DONE Make new method that just compares the 0-2pi or pi--pi distance and takes the smaller DONE WORKS
		DONE Rotating in place is really juddery now though FIXED
		DONE Throwing wrong way bug might be back FIXED
			DONE Yeah. If you cross -90 (say, angleTarget is -91 and prevAngleTarget is -70, then it'll do -91+360 and subtracting wont work) FIXED
	DONE simpler idea: speed lost = angle turned, default is to refill speed DONE
	???? maybe top speed slight increase?
DONE TwoTouch pilot tilt as visual effect for curve when locked DONE
DONE TwoTouch might have the 'extra spin' bug, not sure reproduction conditions at the moment FIXED
DONE TwoTouch needs more curve DONE
DONE Enforcer needs scaled enforcement DONE
DONE Kicking the ball while not moving as Neo doesn't do a powerful enough kick (not a bug, but flaw) Basically kicking needs work DONE
DONE Kicking the ball out of the hands of Back and TwoTouch doesn't work DONE
DONE Kicking magnitudes needs tweaking, powerkick is way too strong. (Check TwoTouch predictor afterwards) DONE
!!!! Ball in wall failsafe
DONE White bars on outside, so don't draw gameplay outside the black playing field? DONE
????: Kick trails get jaggy
DONE Implement/Revamp Keyboard Controls for each character? For example
	DONE PlayerNeo: Good for now DONE
	DONE PlayerTwin: One button for each twin DONE
	DONE PlayerTwoTouch: Holding left or right rotates the Player around the ball, up and down change curve. DONE
	DONE PlayerEnforcer: Doesn't work at all atm. DONE
	DONE PlayerTricky: Fake ball is random, fake player is somewhat AIed. DONE
	DONE PlayerDash: Holding and charging through does big dash, releasing it does the short dash. DONE
	DONE PlayerNeutron: Good for now DONE
	DONE PlayerBack: Hold off until main gameplay is set. DONE
DONE BUG: Changing the size of puffer changes the size of the kick trail when it shouldn't DONE
DONE BUG: Holding ActionButton with Enforcer on wall hammers the sounds DONE
DONE BUG: Reactivating the power on Enforcer by holding down after the wall doesn't sound good MEH
DONE TODO: Give Charge the half and half like stun victims DONE
DONE TODO: Create UpdateCounters method DONE
DONE TODO: Stick direction visual guide DONE
DONE TODO: Visuals for charge's trail DONE
!!!!Go through all the code and see if it can be less horrible
	DONE Save memory by casting delta to float at the top of update DONE
	!!!! TODO: Organize Player constructor
	???? More abstract classing: Maybe everyone has buttonpressed and actionbutton2 but just leave it empty if unused.
	???? render() has submethod drawSpecial()
	!!!! Reorganize getColors() so you're not wasting memory making new color objects every frame?
	!!!! find a better way to pass by value than making new float arrays every time
	!!!! Stop having invalid lwjgl alpha parameters
	!!!! Edit config usage to reflect that neo is not the only player
	!!!! Don't create variables in update
DONE Enforcer: Has to build up momentum – DONE
	DONE TODO: Test Enfocer vs everyone else collision and see what happens
!!!! Figure out dashing while against a wall
DONE TODO: Velocity add component scaled by angle coincidence DONE
DONE Ball should decelerate into TwoTouch's lock DONE
	DONE What happens if a ball gets knocked out of TwoTouch's hands? Seems to work
		DONE Test if NORMALKICK, DEFAULTKICK and EXTRAKICK are all the correct values
	DONE What happens if two twotouches both try to lock the ball? Seems to work
DONE BUG: TwoTouch gets stuck to the ball
	DONE Resolved: Ball can be kicked out of TwoTouch's hands
DONE PlayerCharge should bounce off wall? DONE Feels a lot better
DONE PlayerCharge dash chaining DONE (Still in testing)
DONE Ball should accelerate into gust DONE
DONE Should the gust reset if the ball is kicked/the ball bounces? DONE
	???? Sound Effect for this
DONE Sounds
	DONE Charge Charging DONE
	DONE Charge Dashing DONE
	DONE Charge Gusting DONE
	DONE Enforcer PlayerBumping DONE
	DONE Enforcer Charging DONE
	DONE Enforcer Wallbouncing DONE
	DONE Enforcer Activating DONE
		DONE Needs visual effect
	DONE Puffer Puffingup DONE
	DONE Puffer Puffingdown DONE
	DONE Twin Twinning DONE
	DONE TwoTouch Activate DONE
	DONE TwoTouch Lock activate DONE
	DONE Less shitty sound names – DONE
	DONE Slowmo versions of all sounds DONE
DONE Visual Effects
	DONE Different Shapes DONE
	DONE Enforcer Activation Effect DONE
DONE Maybe have players be arraylist?
???? Something to help get ball out of corners/away from walls, prevent rapid bounceback or getting stuck in a corner
DONE Dash trail end nub not drawn correctly? DONE Problem with ints
DONE Width of kick trail not consistently aesthetic – DONE
DONE Make velocity add component only in positive direction – DONE
DONE Twins goal colour bug – DONE
DONE Make TwoTouch rotate in the correct direction – DONE
DONE Make TwoTouch not go through walls in lock DONE
DONE Make TwoTouch velocity sticky in lock mode so if you let go of the stick the kick is still powerful, or just have visual indication of what's going on
DONE Add TwoTouch powercircle effects – DONE
DONE Xbox Controller Support DONE
DONE Draw arena differently based on gameMode? – DONE
DONE Squash mode – DONE
DONE Have config variables: goal layout, player x and y halves – DONE
!!!! Neon Neon Particles
DONE Slow-mo + effects – DONE
DONE Spinning indicates charge level – DONE
DONE Power coolDown Indicator – DONE
DONE Have velocity of player affect ball trajectory? (not just position)? Spin – orthogonal vel becomes acc? – DONE. Not sure how efficable in regular gameplay
DONE ball trail? NO
DONE Load configs: Air hockey, soccer – DONE
???? Have slowdown factor be part of config?
DONE Make Player abstract – DONE
DONE Player On Player Collision handling – DONE
DONE make setPlayer set the whole array of players, for case of 4P – DONE
DONE Make actioncam less intense
	DONE Have targets for pos and scale but ease into them much more gradually  – DONE
	DONE Increase size of bounding box DONE

BUG: Game crash on charge trailing ball into goal
BUG: Thetatargets tend towards pi/2 multiples if stick is neutral
	Might have something to do with one axis leaves bounding box first?
BUG: ball gets stuck in wall sometimes
BUG: can't go in corner in squash for puffer sometimes (Maybe it's that next step would take him into the wall?)
	SOLVED: Changed from "if not out of bounds, move" to "move, if out of bounds, put back in bounds"
bug: ball misses midpoint line
	SOLVED: increase threshold for ball detection and teleport ball SLIGHTLY
bug: ball re-enters arena from not side
	SOLVED: weird out-of-arena bouncing physics, fixed by smarts
bug: ball goes offscreen
	SOLVED: wasn't turning off ball collision while it was being reset to center
bug: if ball is too slow, doing a slowmo will make it freeze. Slowmo will also change ball's velocity (makes it axial)?
	SOLVED: Made ball's pos[] a float[]
bug: ball lurches near walls?
	SOLVED?: made collision code account for rebound (instead of just teleporting)
bug: ball get stuck in walls? ball disappears
	SOLVEDPARTIALLY: turn off acceleration on goal as well
bug: power flash isn't correctly aligned for orange
	SOLVED: Slick2d's graphics uses degrees, not radians
bug: blue power kick goes through orange sometimes (certain distance, not too close, not too far) Probably collision bug
	SOLVEDPARTIALLY: Made the kick vector check the ball's previous position 
	STILLNOTESOLVED: If kick is fast enough and kickrange is small enough, occasionally goes through
bug: If you can move as fast as the ball and run into it repeatedly you'll kick it backward

different players:?
regular – DONE
sucks ball in
tornado
cannon?
two touch – DONE
	lose lock on play collision - DONE
		lock cooldown after interruption - DONE
	sniper/prediction trail - PROTOTYPE DONE
	Getting pushed while in lock should change angle instead of teleporting back. DONE
	Make ball getting kicked away behaviour better? What happens when he's enforcer kicked btw
	BUG: Angle jumps when circling on left stick in lock.
		It happens when you move the stick too fast, it looks like
enforcer - DONE
	faster charge-up and much faster recovery DONE
	Less slippery turning DONE
lightbike dash
	must dash all the way to a wall	hold charge until it pops, if released, charge fizzles. More charge the further the wall.
	faster chargeup time
	dash trail can "catch" the ball for a brief while DONE (NEEDS TESTING)
	slightly wider trail range (but not visually) DONE
	short dash release should not have visual effect if left stick is not being pushed anywhere DONE
	bouncing no longer cancels the gust DONE
	BUG: His dash doesn't change the colour of the goals for squash
twins
	left and right bumper transfer nucleii between twins
	right twin has special nametag
	when right twin is dead it sits there like a bumper with no nucleus, and left twin has two nucleii
	kicking the ball with one twin sets the other up for a power kick
	BUG?: the canBeKicked() method in ball doesn't work on twin since they're the same playerNum
	make the curve indicator look better
Okami
trickster:
	can turn into ball
	can fake kicks with stealthy underkick
running back
	grabs the ball and runs with it
	has a turn radius like Enforcer?
	right stick jukes?
	Grabbing the ball lowers speed, turning lowers speed, running straight increases it?
	Dash one left bumper with juke/side dashing, at cost of lower base speed?
	Test gameplay first to see problems.
	TODO:
	running the ball into a wall crashes the game SOLVED Pop more out in collision
	letting go of the ball at too slow a velocity interacts weirdly with the player on ball collision code
	It also seems that letting go of the ball at too slow a velocity makes the direction backwards
		Sometimes there's a tiny actual backwards angle movement CANT HELP AT MOMENT
		Sometimes it's you release the ball and walk into it, and then weird things happen
			SOLVED: Use ball.getX() instead of ball.getPrevX() in ball shoving code
	For him and twotouch, angle's CW or CCW rotation should be determined not by which angletarget is closest, but the direction of rotation of the stick
		That way rotating too fast in one direction won't have it flip out in the other direction DONE
	BUG: Pushing the button and releasing it then walking into the ball activates lock SOLVED
	BUG: Holding the ball and walking into another player has the ball go through them SOLVED
		Both seem to be resolved by removing the buttonPressed requirement in power activation.
	TODO: Test Back vs TwoTouch and Enforcer interaction
		DONE Now they get kicked away from the ball
	BUG: Holding ball and then running into the other player will make the ball be "last kicked" by the other player, and have the wrong goal effects SOLVED 
	BUG: Ball can't be kicked away anymore SOLVED
neutron star
	Possible bug with ball possession not being correct? Can't reproduce at moment

Website
Trailer
Art pass

pau gazul
shaquille o'teal
Foger Rederer